# pyro_Classification_graph_classification
The objective of this project is to infer to a graph’s latent space using Variational Inference in order to successfully represent an undirected graph into a latent space and predict the class of each node. Graphs represent objects and their relationships in the real world, popular examples are the social networks, biological networks, road networks and many more can be represented using graphs. The non-regularity of data structures have led to advancements in Graph Neural Networks in relation to tasks such as classification, predictions, etc. Recently, Kipf and Welling [T. N. Kipf and Welling 2017] proposed the Graph Convolutional Network (GCN), which is considered one of the basic Graph Neural Network variants. In the GCNs the model learns the features by inspecting the neighboring nodes. Inspired by the paper “Neural Relational Inference for Interacting Systems” [T. Kipf et al. 2018] we implemented a Variational Encoder-Decoder Structured Classifier which receives as input a graph, meaning its adjacency matrix and dictionary, and outputs the classification result. The relaxation of the discrete latent state will be executed by using the Concrete distribution (CONtinuous disCRETE) proposed in the paper “Variational Inference for Graph Convolutional Networks in the Absence of Graph Data and Adversarial Settings” [Elinas, Bonilla, and Tiao 2020]. Our goal is to develop a model which will learn a good latent representation of graphs, while accurately predicting the node’s subject.
